# CS50x-fp-Smahdimirbagheri
#### Video Demo:  <[URL HERE](https://youtu.be/Og0ucbVDbmQ)>
#### Description:
TODO : Hello, I am Seyed Mehdi Mirbagheri, I do website SEO and I am a WordPress designer, I am fluent in Python and I use the Django library.This project with the name of a CS50x-fp-Smahdimirbagheri website is a website that provides users with my social pages and information, creating a two-way communication. Users can register on this site and send me their comments and information. Also, my pamphlets are introduced on this site, which users can use.In this site And next to the pamphlets, the author, its information and its name are written. I used the PHP programming language for the back-end.This programming language has many features and can appear very powerful in slow programming. geared towards web development. (It was originally created by Danish-Canadian programmer Rasmus Lerdorf in 1993 and released in 1995. The PHP reference implementation is now produced by the PHP Group).Also, this project was to complete my homepage project.Another explanation I have to give you regarding this project is that all my social pages are included in this project.I used hdml css to design the pages, most of my css (As we have mentioned before, CSS is a language for specifying how documents are presented to users — how they are styled, laid out, etc. A document is usually a text file structured using a markup language — HTML is the most common markup language, but you may also come across other markup languages such as SVG or XML) code is raw and another part of my learning during the project is to use bootstrap framework. (Bootstrap is a free, open source front-end development framework for the creation of websites and web apps. Designed to enable responsive development of mobile-first websites, Bootstrap provides a collection of syntax for template designs).On the registration page of this project, information such as name, surname, email, username, password and its repetition are collected from the user.And when logging in, username and password are taken from the user and authentication is done.Authentication is done by matching the username and password entered by the user with the username and password entered by the user during registration and stored in the MySQL database is compared.Databases are the essential data repository for all software applications. For example, whenever someone conducts a web search, logs in to an account, or completes a transaction, a database system is storing the information so it can be accessed in the future.A relational database stores data in separate tables rather than putting all the data in one big storeroom. The database structure is organized into physical files optimized for speed. The logical data model, with objects such as data tables, views, rows, and columns, offers a flexible programming environment. You set up rules governing the relationships between different data fields, such as one to one, one to many, unique, required, or optional, and “pointers” between different tables. The database enforces these rules so that with a well-designed database your application never sees data that’s inconsistent, duplicated, orphaned, out of date, or missing.The “SQL” part of “MySQL” stands for “Structured Query Language.” SQL is the most common standardized language used to access databases. Depending on your programming environment, you might enter SQL directly (for example, to generate reports), embed SQL statements into code written in another language, or use a language-specific API that hides the SQL syntax.The user can also log out of the site and log in twice.
